what's up guys welcome back to another
video today we're not playing anything
class we're going to be doing another
review video on this dot 3d dinosaur boy
craft just so I can let you know about
some products you might consider buying
and I'll tell my ups and downs about it
and yeah this one's going to be like a
speed drawing lesson I did was I don't
even know why I did that thank you
letter video for like 10 V but yeah
let's um let's get the unboxing and we
don't do it rough like all youtubers I
think oh there we go
and now we can take this thing out of
this box
oh now we're left with this ah dang it
okay this is exactly what I'm doing this
is what I know box so nothing is quick
because I don't know the words mean but
um that's finding me to open this thing
you've got to be kidding me
okay whew oh okay whoa does you know oh
my god I thought that you guys probably
can't hear me over all this
thankfully I don't know if I'll need
water
oh we got it okay okay calm down
so um here's what it looks like getting
on my getting on my hands
alright whatever
we have paint here I've got to be
getting careful cuz I'm doing this in
cardboard for some reason yeah
she dropped it it'll break special
pavement ow
what is this manual dinosaur step one
color of start planning lightest color
first finished 3d paintings dry
completely six hours to dry I'll meet up
with you guys after you so you can see
the finished result would probably be on
the thumbnail display the dinosaur is my
home alright guys and then say like it's
about watch water water water
nope and it did it come with a brush
which kind of so filling me is it did
all right here yes yes hmm I don't want
the city to be too long because the room
I'm using somebody else will see ok
pucks what the heck that's like in oh
there we go and let's get this thing
started
[Music]
you
and this result um really
uh I'm not the best artist but I hope
you guys enjoyed this video
anyway we considered buying this is not
spot off but if it comes to I give it a
five time out of 5 for this one see